NON-EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTION LICENSE

In order for the Institutional Repository to reproduce, translate and
distribute your submission(s), your agreement to the following terms is
necessary. Please read the terms of this license carefully and click on the ‘I
agree’ or ‘I disagree’ buttons at the bottom of the screen accordingly. This
agreement will apply to all of your submissions to the Institutional
Repository.

By agreeing and submitting this license, you (the author(s) or copyright owner)
grant to the University of Rochester the perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free
right to reproduce, translate (as defined below), and/or distribute your
submissions (including the abstracts) in print and electronic format and in any
medium. You agree that the University of Rochester may, without changing the
content, translate the submission to any medium or format for the purposes of
preservation. You also agree that the University of Rochester may keep more
than one copy of this submission for purposes of security, back-up and
preservation. You represent that any submissions are your original work and
that you have the right to grant the rights contained in this license. You also
represent that your submissions do not, to the best of your knowledge, infringe
upon anyone’s copyright or other property rights.

IF ANY SUBMISSION CONTAINS MATERIAL FOR WHICH YOU DO NOT HOLD THE COPYRIGHT,
YOU REPRESENT THAT, BEFORE SUBMISSION YOU WILL HAVE OBTAINED THE UNRESTRICTED
PERMISSION OF THE COPYRIGHT OWNER TO GRANT THE UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER THE
RIGHTS GRANTED BY THIS LICENSE, AND THAT SUCH THIRD-PARTY OWNER MATERIAL IS
CLEARLY IDENTIFIED AND ACKNOWLEDGED WITHIN THE TEXT OR CONTENT OF THE
SUBMISSION.

IF ANY SUBMISSION IS BASED UPON WORK THAT HAS BEEN SPONSORED OR SUPPORTED BY AN
AGENCY OR ORGANIZATION OTHER THAN THE UNIVERSITY OF ROCHESTER, YOU REPRESENT
THAT, BEFORE SUBMISSION YOU WILL HAVE FULFILLED ANY RIGHT OR REVIEW OR OTHER
OBLIGATIONS REQUIRED BY SUCH CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT.

The University of Rochester will clearly identify your name(s) as the author(s)
or owner(s) of your submission(s), and will not make any alterations, other
than as allowed by this license, to your submission.

The use of this system is subject to the University of Rochester IT Policy
which can be found at the following URL: http://www.rochester.edu/it/policy/
